OCPBUGS-54613: Added acessing to kubeconfig using oc CLI module (#95219)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cli-configuring-kubeconfig-using-cli.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * cli_reference/openshift_cli/configuring-cli.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="cli-accessing-kubeconfig-using-cli_{context}"]
= Accessing `kubeconfig` using the `oc` CLI

> You can use the `oc` CLI to log in to your OpenShift cluster and retrieve a kubeconfig file for accessing the cluster from the command line.

Author: Already mentioned under the section title.

.Prerequisites

> * You have access to the {product-title} web console or API server endpoint.

Author: Have followed the style guide.

.Procedure

. Log in to your OpenShift cluster by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc login <api-server-url> -u <username> -p <password> <1>
----
+

> <1> Replace `<api-server-url>` with the full API server URL, such as `https://api.my-cluster.example.com:6443`.

Reviewer: Could you also mention/give an example of `<username>` and `<password>` as well?

> . Save the cluster configuration to a local file by running the following command:

Reviewer: I think `by running the following command` need not be repeated on all the steps
```suggestion
. Save the cluster configuration to a local file
```

Author: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#procedure-step-that-introduces-a-command [As per the guidelines]

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc config view --raw > kubeconfig
----

> . Set the `KUBECONFIG` environment variable to point to the exported file by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set the `KUBECONFIG` environment variable to point to the exported file
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ export KUBECONFIG=./kubeconfig
----

> . You can now use `kubectl` to interact with your OpenShift cluster by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. You can now use `kubectl` or `oc` to interact with your OpenShift cluster
```

Author: As per QE comment have changed the code snippet to `oc`.

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ kubectl get nodes

Author: Done
